ADDED new question to FAQ (#14)
LewisProjects/RedditVideoMakerBot-website: docs/faq.md

# Frequently Asked Questions

- [Main.py Not Working](#mainpy-is-not-working)
- [Easy Way To Edit Config](#easy-way-to-edit-config)
- [Read The Post Not Just The Title](#read-the-post-not-just-the-title)
- [TikTok Reader Crashing](#tiktok-reader-crashing)
- [Preview TTS Voice](#preview-tts-voice)
- [Could Not Concat Numpy.float64](#could-not-concat-numpyfloat64)

> - [Video Length Is Too Long & I Am Too Lazy To Edit It Myself](#video-length-is-too-long-i-am-too-lazy-to-edit-it-myself)

Reviewer: This section was deleted if I remember correctly?
```suggestion
```

Author: yeah i think

**NOTE:** This needs to be enable on the Reddit account used to create the app.

## Main.py Crashing Due To Video Length

This is most likely due to a corrupt video, remove the files from `assets/backgrounds`

## No matching distribution for torch 

This is because you are using python 3.11 to solve this issue delete the python `3.11` and install python `3.10`

## Moivepy error x.mp3 not found

Cause of this error is unknown (possibly due to text leght being longer then limit) but you can try to use other post. 

## Index out of range tried all valid filters 

> This happens when bot cant find any post that satisfy the codition try changing `min_comment` `max_comment` etc. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This happens when bot can't find any post that satisfy the settings. Try changing `min_comment` or `max_comment`. 
```

## main.py closing automatically

> This a is generally cause due to directly opening main.py instead open cmd and run `main.py` it is mentioned in tutorial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This a is generally cause due to directly opening main.py by clicking on it. This is the wrong way of running the bot, please open CMD on Windows and run `main.py`. For further information, please check our documentation.
```
